Iously, on "the real
housewives of potomac"...
- I apologize.
- Let's just try to move forward
in the spirit of respect.
- I'm happy that
we are resetting.
- A hug, maybe?
- No.
- No, not today.
- No?
[laughing]
- today, the title
is "break up for make up."
- I think we're ready to rock.
- All right, everybody.
It is another episode
of "reasonably shady."
- so, I just wanted to, um,
invite you to go get ice cream
with the kids sometime,
like, this week, next week.
I feel like mom and I
are still a work in progress.
- Some people will buy
wendy's candle.
Some people will buy
my candle.
Mine is a three-wick candle,
and hers is a one wick.
- What is goin' on here?
We're standing around
in a parking lot.
If you are doing a music video,
somebody has to be in charge,
and I don't know
who that is right now.
- Is chris gettin'
paid as a manager?
- Not officially,
I don't think.
- He still has on a apron.
- Chris look mad.
- Oh, sh--.
- I don't think mia has met
rat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat
candiace.
So, I would tell her
to tread lightly.
♪♪
- the secret
to this pretty face
is stayin' in the shade.
- If you wanna pop off,
I'll be happy
to get you adjusted.
- I may keep you waiting,
but trust me,
I'm worth it.
- The only thing messier
than two boys is me.
- My blessings are many,
and my patience is none.
- This professor doesn't
just grade on the curve.
She sets the curve.
- The grand dame can never
be duplicated,
imitated,
or intimidated.
♪♪
- you gotta pull into
the middle of the cones.
- I'm scared.
- The cones is
the parking space.
- Am I doing good?
- I have no idea.
- Ahh!
- Stop the car.
Stop!
[laughing]
- do I turn the car off?
- Yeah.
[laughing]
whew, chile.
So, no, you won't be
valeting at the par-ty.
- I don't wanna
ruin anyone's car.
I would feel bad.
- And I-and I'm not
paying for anybody's car.
Oh, they're done.
I think they're done
with the concrete.
You can go inside if you want.
- Okay.
- Looks good!
When will it be dry?
Like a day?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
So, hotel gizelle
is not done.
The west wing is,
but my entryway, um...
It's not done.
It's gonna be amazing one day,
my beautiful chandelier
in the middle,
black and white floors,
just not today.
[phone ringing]
hey.
- Hi. How are you?
- Fine.
What are you doing?
- Well, I talked to
the party planner.
Everything is on course.
The tent is, like,
a 20 by 20.
We have a couple of couches,
some big chairs.
- Okay.
- We do have drinks.
I have a lady bringing
a big cheese board.
So, I am happy, actually,
to be inviting the ladies
to my home
even though we're gonna be
on the outside.
We are so excited
because we're getting ready
to launch
"reasonably shady" podcast
in the next week or so.
You know,
this whole renovation
has taken way longer
than I thought,
but it's okay.
I can still have an event
at my house.
These hos gonna sit outside.
Yes.
- Yeah.
But not inviting
them in-inside.
To be honest with you,
with karen,
after the whole goddess healing,
uh, lunch that we had,
you know,
it's baby steps with her.
Like, you're just so mean to me
and so nasty,
and you've talked about
my house.
You've trashed my house.
- Your theme of your house,
ronald mcdonald,
all this orange, red, purples.
- There's nothing red
or gold in my house.
So, like, you're not
invited in my house.
And wendy--
- are we good?
Uh-huh.
- I think it's gonna
take time.
Thank you for giving me
the backstory.
- You know what?
I'm-- I'm--
I'm still not over it.
I just feel like wendy
really has issues with me.
Like, well, wendy,
you can't come in either.
There's a whole
lotta trees out here.
Pop a squat.
- If we're inviting
wendy and karen,
there's no way we're gonna
treat them differently
than the other guests,
or we're not gonna
have the event.
I am-- there is no way in hell
I'm going down with this.
- Okay, fine.
Fine, okay.
Everybody can use
my frickin' toilet.
- And that's probably true
'cause karen is old enough
that she needs depends.
So, I probably
should let her in.
[laughing]
♪♪
[knocking]
- coming!
Hi, robin.
How are you?
- Hi. How are you?
Nice to see you.
- Oh, my god, good to see you.
- I have a bunch of stuff
in the car, you know.
So...
- Oh, the prototypes.
- All the prototypes, so...
- Okay.
Raymond, can we get
some help, babe?
The prototypes are here.
- How are you?
- Yeah.
- They're here.
They're heavy.
- Whoa!
- Let's take it
to the dining room.
- I got it. I got it.
I got it.
- Okay, okay, okay, come on.
- I'm gettin' this.
- Oh, no.
- My goodness.
- Oh, no, maybe--
- you're such a-- you're such--
so much drama.
Thank you, babe.
Okay, okay.
Whoo, hold on.
- Hmm.
- Okay, okay, whew.
- Oh, okay, so, all packaged.
- Ooh, ooh.
So, are you ready, ray?
- Yeah.
Oh.
- Oh, my god!
- It's perfect.
- La dame, luxury candles
by karen huger,
bohemian fire.
Now...
- Bohemian fire, ooh.
- Yes, that's the name.
Smell, baby, smell.
La dame has its own
home essential luxury kit
and a candle,
and I have already given mia
and wendy a hint
about the candle.
There will be an expansion
to la dame.
- Yes.
- We are installing candles
and aromatherapy for the home.
- Yes.
- And I wanna share it
with all of them,
including gizelle.
The girls have not seen this.
- Oh.
- So, I'm gonna gift
the ladies this.
- Oh, you have to.
- Oh.
- I have to
'cause they're always supportive
or always interested, you know,
in where I'm going next.
- Right.
- I-I think it's important, too,
to give back and lift
other women on the journey.
- Definitely.
- Because I had
an interesting meeting
with wendy the other day.
- Oh.
Isn't she a teacher?
- She's a professor.
- Oh, a professor, okay.
- Yes, she is.
She wants to get into,
like, home fashion.
- Love that.
- And she showed me a candle,
and it's really a nice candle.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I'm retail ready,
but I think
a great start for her
is where she's going
with e-commerce
because she's gotta
brand herself.
There is no real comparison
between what wendy is doing
and-and I am doing
with the candle.
- Bye.
Thank you.
- Congratulations.
I'm so psyched.
- Thank you.
I can't wait.
- All right.
Bye.
- Bye-bye.
You know, I respect wendy
choosing the one wick.
I got the three wick.
Raymond, can I get you
to help me?
- What?
- The landscaper, I--
I told him to plant
all the stuff in the gray pot.
I wanna show you.
It's not alive.
- Some of it's alive.
- No, it's not, ray.
- But-but none of 'em
look like somethin'
that you really need
to keep right now.
- All right, can I get you
to help me, baby?
- I think I'm gettin' a--
I'm gettin' a call
from a couple places.
Who is this?
- What in the world?
- Oh, excuse me.
- Who is that pretty girl?
Let me see.
Who is that picture?
- I don't know.
I can barely see.
- Twenty-five years of mar--
let me see.
- It's a junk call.
- Oh, sure, it's a junk call.
- That's what it says.
- Don't.
See, women are hard up
for a good man.
Let me see.
- What you doin'?
Where you takin' my phone?
- Let me see.
"good morning, handsome."
- what are you doin'?
- Callin' her back.
[phone ringing]
[beep]
- this is mrs. Raymond huger.
- Why'd you tell her your name?
Don't tell her your--
- and I just want you to know
that ray and I are heavily into
planning our 25th anniversary
and--
- don't tell her your name.
- I said, "mrs. Raymond huger."
- you don't need to.
- Well, she's texting you.
- She don't know my name.
You don't need to be
even calling her back.
- All right. Just hang up.
[beep]
you're just popular, baby.
- Ain't-ain't nothin' I can do
with that little young thing.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- Huh?
- She'd be nothin'
but a headache.
- Okay, hold on.
- You know how y'all are.
- You know what, ray?
- Huh? What?
- I'm gonna put you to work.
Seriously, we can plant
some more plants.
- We're gettin' there.
- Over here and there.
- Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
♪♪
- hey.
- Hello.
- How are you?
- Good.
- I'm havin' some coffee.
You want some?
- I'm tired.
I'll have some tea.
- I know your table is coming.
You're gettin' that table.
- And I wanna do the backsplash
another color.
- So, you gonna think
gold or gold accent?
- Gold backsplash
can date the house.
I don't want it to look old.
- Oh, you're saying
my house is dated.
- It needs to stay modern.
- Is that what you're saying?
My mine is gold.
- Hmm.
[laughing]
- so, you know,
I've been here a while now,
so I've gotten
a lotta things done,
don't you think?
We solved the --
- we-- you--
we did accomplish a lot.
- Yes, we did.
- Yeah.
- So, you finished
the music video.
- We're done.
- Okay.
- You somehow ended up
with a cameo in "drive back."
- okay, okay.
♪ you make me come back
come back ♪
- you're a video girl now.
- I'm so proud.
- Oh, my god.
After music video week
and having my mom here
with her loud,
unsolicited advice,
the fact that we are here,
and I am still intact,
is amazing.
She needs to go home.
Dot needs to go
home to her house.
Like, I'm about to
put her out.
- It's so exciting.
- I wanted to ask.
What was said
between you and mia?
- Uh...
- 'cause wendy came over to me
and told me that mia
was talking to you,
diggin' all up
in the people's business.
- She...
- Asking you
if chris is being paid.
- She wasn't just asking me
all that like that.
It was just, like,
a conversation just goin'.
- So, what did you say?
- I don't remember
what I said.
- Is chris gettin' paid?
- Officially, I don't think.
- Hell yeah.
- Oh, yeah.
Oh, girl, thank you.
- And she said
that you said that.
- I just don't remember
what I said.
You know, I can't.
- Yes, you don't
remember things.
- Sometimes you're--
you're just chitchatting
with everybody.
- Right.
- But I still don't believe
it was coming from
a place of malice. Right.
- Well, when chris is
running around here...
- Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
- Being caught in the mgm
with men, women, and billy goats
at all hours of the night--
- candiace, hush.
- Then you can ask questions.
- I'm back.
- Oh, hello.
- Hey, chris.
- Hey.
- How are you?
- Oh, I'm good.
What you guys in here
chattin' about?
- The town crier here--
- who is--
- has informed me
that mia asked her
if you are being paid.
- People just don't
understand our relationship.
- But when you say, "manager,"
it's a contract with that,
I guess.
- No.
No, there isn't.
- Yeah, our contract is
our marriage certificate
and our prenuptial agreement.
- I guess, to keep people
from talkin', though,
you know, you said, "manager,"
versus supportive husband.
You know, that can cause
legal problems down the road.
- Do you need me
to pay him?
- No, I-- I guess that's what
mia was concerned about, maybe.
That's-that's all I'm sayin'.
- I have never asked
you for a penny.
I've never asked
You have not paid one bill that
ever said chris bassett on it.
♪♪
- I was all about mia
being fun and funny,
but we don't need you here.
Go crack some backs at
chiropractic strippers, llc,
if that's what you wanna do.
- Whew.
- If anybody is trying to
create turmoil in my marriage,
it's a bad move.
- Okay, so, long as we're fine,
and y'all have a prenup,
then I'm good.
- Coming up next...
- So, because I have
my sh-- together,
I don't need my mom.
That's how it is
a lot of the time.
♪♪
- did you have
a good day at school?
- I missed you.
- I missed you guys.
- The rainbow, ooh.
What do you say, juju?
- Thank you.
- All right.
Let's go have a seat.
Ice cream.
Is it good?
- Yes.
- Mm-hmm.
- Look who's comin'.
- Grandma.
- Hi, baby.
Hi, big boy.
Hi, there.
How are you?
Thank you.
- Aww.
- Hi, baby.
- Actually, we tried to get
joshua to buy ice cream
'cause he made $100 today.
- How'd you make $100 today?
- So, he does his own laundry.
He empties the dishwasher,
takes the trash out,
cleans his room,
helps sister with her room.
He needs to earn his keep.
- All right.
Well, that's good.
That means you did a good job.
- But you know what?
Mommy was making my sister
and brother's bed
when they were 21.
[laughing]
- yeah. I still make beds.
- you still make
rasheeda's bed?
Mommy, jeez.
- Mom is technically like
my sister's live-in nanny.
My sister and my mom,
they do everything together.
They get their
manis and pedis.
They go to the mall.
Like, that's great and all,
but you have more children.
You gotta spread
yourself around.
♪♪
[howling]
[laughing]
- is that what
the ice cream did to you?
- They're all sugared up now.
- So-- but I'm glad
that you're able to come
and have ice cream
with us, mommy.
- Yeah.
- So, I haven't seen you.
I know I'm so busy,
but maybe I need to put it
on the calendar like a--
like an appointment.
- And that's what we do.
You see, when you
called the other day,
I went in sheeda's room
and looked at her calendar.
- Yes.
When I ask you
to do something, you go,
"let me call your sister,"
and I'm like,
what has she got anything
to do with it?
- Uh-oh.
- Well, that's because
she does rely on me.
Like I said, we got
to work her schedule
around my schedule,
you know?
- I just think mom doesn't
know how to do anything
outside of my sister,
because when mom
got out of prison,
she's been living
with her ever since.
Ooh, I don't know
if I can do that.
It's been out six
or seven years.
Like, mom went from--
she went from prison
and went into rehab,
and then she came out,
and she's been out since,
but she was originally
sentenced to 20 years.
Remember when we
first moved to bethesda,
and she was first born?
You didn't wanna
come nanny for us
because you said
rasheeda needs you.
So, because I have
my sh-- together,
I don't need my mom.
- Oh, no. See, that--
- but that's
how it made her feel.
- Yeah, okay.
Well, I'm here,
and we've never took time out
like we are now.
You know,
I am so proud of you.
You know, you could have gone
completely the other direction
considering the mama
and the daddy you had.
- I don't know.
I-I feel like a lot of
my passion and my drive
comes from, like, not having,
like, you, not having daddy.
- I do-- I want a better
relationship with my kids.
- Oh, mommy, don't cry.
And I want that
relationship with you, too.
This is why we're here.
- Yeah.
- I'm proud of you
for still having--
like, being where you are,
but I-I think
I'm still suffering.
I'm still healing.
- I'm sorry for it all.
- I know.
- So, everybody wants
a better relationship.
[laughing]
that's a good start.
- We'll work on it.
- Okay.
[sighs]
- yeah.
♪♪
- thank you.
- Hi.
- Wendy.
Hey, sweetie.
- Come on, zoe.
Come on, karen.
- Hi, baby.
- Coffee? Water?
- Coffee, please.
- Okay, so, you want--
- black coffee with splenda.
- I think I have splenda.
Give me a second.
- I thought you said you cook.
- I do. I don't drink coffee.
- You don't even know
where your sugar is.
- I don't-- you don't
cook with splenda.
You cook with sugar.
- Girl, I cook with splenda
or stevia, and it's always
a disaster, though.
So, you're the best.
Oh, my god.
So, wendy, what have
you been up to?
- I had my business meeting
with eddie.
- How did it go?
Lord, did he shoot it down?
- Oh, my god.
♪♪
- how much do the candles
cost to make?
- Let me get back
to you on that.
- I'm so proud of you.
You know, my candles
and my aromatherapy
for the house
is coming out.
Yours will have
its own moment.
And together, on this
multibillion-dollar platform
of candles, and incense,
and what have you for the home,
there's enough room
for two powerful,
beautiful black women
to share in that moment.
- If she wants to have candles,
let her have candles.
There's enough
candles for all of us.
We're just gonna be
a candle making company
at this point.
- So, yes, let's do it.
- Okay, so, I know
we went to surry.
- Yes.
- I love that,
and so that's why
I wanted you here
because you were
talking about education
and how important
it is to you.
- Yes.
- So, I had the amazing
opportunity to partner
with an organization
who is giving back to teachers.
- Mm-hmm.
- I wanted to give bookbags
filled with, like,
key essentials, and so
that's why I wanted you here.
- Roll my sleeves up.
I'm all onboard.
- I have so much on my plate
between the kids, the candles,
trying to start
the home essential line,
but what really
makes me feel grounded
is giving back
to charity.
I just first need to
organize everything.
- Okay.
[dog barking]
- askale, how are you?
- Hi, darling.
Muah.
- You look great as usual.
- Girl, you didn't tell me
you live in canada.
- First of all, I live--
- I feel like I was
driving forever.
- I'm close to my job.
- This is beautiful, though.
- Oh, thank you, baby.
Welcome.
- Okay.
- Askale, hi, baby.
Muah, muah.
- Muah, muah.
- Can I offer you
refreshments? Coffee?
- Uh, uh, coffee.
You know, I have
two under two.
Coffee is, like,
the name of the game.
- Okay, so, askale,
what we're doing
is little bookbags
to give educators.
So, instead of digging
into their pockets,
we're just gonna say here
goes something for you
and a thank you.
- Right, right.
First of all, you know I was
an educator for ten years.
- And that's why
I wanted you here,
and that's why I wanted you.
- Okay, yeah.
I've-- all the time
because the thing is,
the amount of money that's
allotted to each educator
is very small,
and so I used to
always go into my pocket.
So, this is so nice of you,
especially during the pandemic.
- All right.
So, we're gonna do this
like an assembly line.
- Okay.
- Grab a bag.
- Mm-hmm.
- And then just
put one of each.
- Okay, okay.
- Okay, perfect.
♪♪
- where are we
placing these?
- Okay, we can put it
in the clear bin.
- Oh, okay.
- Oh, okay. All right.
- So, what's been new
with you all?
- Well, first of all, I can't
get past the music video.
Girl, those dancers
were everything.
- Dorothy was the--
was the number one video girl.
- She was-- I didn't--
so, you know,
mia went up to dorothy.
- Okay.
- And said, "well,
is chris getting paid?
"is he on payroll,"
essentially?
- Right. Yeah.
- I wouldn't do that.
- Don't ever feel that
open to ask my mother
about my husband.
- Mia is so direct,
and so open, and transparent.
I don't think
it was malice.
Would I have
asked it? No.
Uh-uh...
- What did you guys think of
robyn and gizelle's invite,
and are you guys going?
- I thought that the
invite was kinda weird.
The invite said to, like,
friends and haters.
- Yeah.
The invite says,
"invite friends and haters
to a reasonably shady
celebration."
"casual, cute,
hotel gizelle."
- who is decorating
hotel gizelle?
I hope it ain't her.
- I think she's hoping
for hating a little bit.
- Are they doing
something together?
- I don't know.
- My guess is a business venture
they're doing together.
- Oh.
- That's my guess.
I'm into, like, context.
- Investigator wendy.
- I'm into, like,
context clues.
My question is, gizelle,
who is the hater?
Why are you bringing
negative energy
when we all have made up?
I don't get it.
Thank you, guys, for coming.
- If you need anything else,
let me know.
- Please.
- I will let you ladies know.
It's so funny because
we have all, like,
been doing stuff,
and I feel like we
should go somewhere.
- Um...
- Oh, lord.
- Like, a weekend kinda thing?
- Just a weekend.
How about the eastern shore?
- Oh, I've heard
great things.
- I could get, like,
a little house on the water
or something.
- Okay, I love that.
- I like that.
- I feel like it'll be good
right before you have your--
your vow renewal.
- Wait, wait.
Are the men coming?
- I would love for
the men to come.
I would love for
our men to come.
And since everyone wanna talk
about everybody's husbands,
they can pull up.
We can all get together.
- Yeah, I'm listening
to you ladies.
- Gordon.
- Mia, uh, look, they
are a fun couple.
- Yeah, I think she'll be.
- Yeah.
- I-I think they'll show up.
- Okay.
Do you think juan
will come?
- Based upon history, no.
- Oh.
- Her-her-- her luggage.
- Robyn.
[laughing]
- coming up next...
♪♪
- where am I?
This is not
hotel gizelle, okay?
This is motel gizelle.
♪♪
- oh, lord, my balloons
are flying away.
Oh, there's robby.
Okay. Oh, sh--.
- Hi.
- Hi, boo.
- I thought we were,
like, really setting up.
That's why I came
dressed like this.
[laughing]
- oh, well, it's okay.
- Oh, my gosh,
how is your foot?
- I can, like, feel it
throbbing a little bit,
so I have to, like,
try to keep it elevated.
- Sh--.
- So, let's talk
about that foot.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
You really did
a pretty good job
when you injured it.
- I knew the ladies
were coming over,
and I was doing some
backyard work,
picking up tables.
One slipped out of my hands
and pain like I've never felt.
- The good news is,
you don't need surgery.
- Okay, yay.
- I think I'm gonna keep you in
the boot probably four weeks.
- What?
But the show must go on.
I look crazy.
- Yeah, you're doin' it, though.
- Go do your thing, and I'll--
I'll set up everything else.
- Okay, and then-- all right.
I'll be quick.
- Where do we
want this to be?
- Okay, we are so cute.
I have gotten a fabulous
tent for these ladies.
I've gotten great, um,
what do you call that?
Char-shoo-turry.
- Like that?
- Uh-huh.
- Are you eating?
- Mm-hmm.
- Mom, you can't be
eating all the food.
- I'm just making
sure the food is good.
- Mom, this wind is no joke.
- The wind is
actually not that bad.
- It's getting rocky.
- No, not getting
rocky at all.
Y'all are doing amazing.
Can I have another
piece of, um, baguette?
- Mom, the people. Ahh!
- Listen, when the people come--
- what?
Okay.
- Do you want
a signature drink?
- Yes. What is
the signature drink?
- Yeah, tennessee whiskey,
cranberry, and oranges.
- Thank you so much.
- You're welcome.
- Do you want a pillow
for your foot, mom?
- That's what I just asked.
She said, 'no."
- hi, robyn.
- Hey, you look so pretty.
- Thank you.
Well, you all look gorgeous.
♪♪
- oh, my god,
look at the addition!
- Oh, mom,
people are coming.
[ashley screaming in background]
- really? Are you sure?
- Yes.
[laughing]
- oh, I love it!
- Oh, my god.
- Hey.
- Hi, ladies.
- Okay, you're, like, literally
screaming outside the window.
- It's about the addition
on the side.
- Yes, yes.
- You haven't been here
since then?
- No!
Wow! This is it?
- Are you scared?
- No, I'm not.
- Oh.
- This is my first time.
You know, I've been
in a baby cocoon.
- Okay.
- Gizelle has made a lot
of progress on her house.
I will say.
I can see the west wing now.
Wasn't there before.
But even still,
there's a long way to go.
- Get a drink.
- Okay.
- Yes. Do you want
something to drink?
- Yes.
Do we have any corona?
- Oh, my.
- Mom, we need to
tape these things.
The wind is too
get outta hand.
- Okay, can y'all
get me soe tape?
- I actually would really
like a glass of white wine.
- White wine?
- Yes.
- Perfect.
- What is this?
A dried strawberry?
- I don't know.
- Yeah.
- But all of it is,
like, super good.
- Okay, bye, mom.
- Okay.
- Bye, ashley.
- Bye. You guys have fun.
Oh, my, your leg.
What happened?
- I know.
- Okay, so, I was being,
like, really strong,
you know, the strong
black woman that I am.
- Uh-huh. Yes.
- And so...
[clattering]
let me just talk to my guy,
real quick. Hold on a second.
This is a whole--
it's a whole situation.
Did they do the inspection?
Okay, great!
♪♪
- where is the valet?
hi.
- Hi.
- How are you?
Where am I?
This is not
hotel gizelle, okay?
This is motel gizelle.
Thank you for having me
at your home.
You look gorgeous.
- Absolutely.
Thank ya. Thank ya. Thank ya.
- This is cute.
So, you brought
the living room outside.
- Right.
- Oh, that's askale.
- Good to see you.
- How are you?
Good to see you, too.
How is the baby?
- Very good.
Thank you.
- Yeah?
- Are you gonna welcome
askale to the-- to the--
- oh, yeah.
- Okay.
- I got the pink memo.
- Yes, you sure did.
You look so pretty.
- She looks so cute.
- Hi, ladies.
- Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you, askale.
- Hi. How are you?
I'm sorry, babe.
- Do you want some,
um, charcuterie,
or whatever it's called?
- Okay, and you are just--
- thank you so much.
- I know.
- I appreciate it.
- Okay.
You're giving me,
like, diana ross.
- I thought I was giving you
a little beyonce
and a little sasha fierce.
- Oh, okay, I think sasha
woulda wore a heel
with a broken foot.
She woulda made it work.
- Well, I don't think so.
[clattering]
- what are they, um,
doing with your home?
Tell me.
- A huge renovation.
When I bought the house,
it was just, like, this side.
- That whole other side
is an add-on?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Currently, they're
doing a new entryway.
This should be done--
I don't know, hopefully,
in, like, a month.
- Okay.
- Um, as soon as
our late friends arrive,
we have announcements.
[buzzing]
♪♪
- what's going on?
I'm so confused.
Where is the rest
of the house?
- Hi. Welcome.
- Thank you.
What am I welcomed to?
- Welcome to our
"reasonably shady" event.
- Okay, okay.
- Yes.
Good to see you.
- Good seeing you.
Hello.
- Hello, hello, hello.
- How are you?
- Good. Nice to see you.
- So good to see you.
You okay?
- Yeah, broken toe,
broken toe.
- Okay, this is for you.
- Aww, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, wendy.
- You're welcome.
Hey, ladies.
- Hey, baby.
- Oh, you're wearing pink, too.
- Mm-hmm.
That's why I feel like
everybody has pink.
- How are you?
- What is that?
A tent in the back?
Are we covid testing?
Oh.
- Oh, there's karen.
- In June, so it'll be a year.
- Hello. Hello.
- Hi.
- Welcome to our event.
- Thank you. Where--
miss gizelle, oh, my god,
this is beautiful.
- Do you want me to take this?
- I'm gonna present gizelle.
- Oh, okay.
- Oh, hi.
- Hey, you come bearing gifts.
- In the spirit
of us moving on...
- Yes.
- I will present
you with [indistinct]
and the second installation
into the la dame line.
- Thank you.
- Oh, nice.
- The home fragrance
for your house
and the candle.
- Okay, okay, okay.
Thank you, karen.
I appreciate it.
- Aww.
- Aww, that's so sweet.
- I love that.
- Yes, candle.
- Okay, karen, I see
you with the new product.
I wonder if, you know,
she heard wendy
was doing a candle,
and she said, "oh, let me
get my candle out first."
I mean, she said, "boom, this
how you do a candle, honey."
- and I just got the shot,
so let me say
I'm a little, like--
- oh, okay.
- I did, too.
I got it yesterday.
- You're okay, though?
- Just the left arm.
- You look cute.
- Today, you got it?
- Yesterday.
Oh, yeah, it's like--
- yesterday, okay.
Yeah, I was crazy
for a couple days.
I was a little weird.
- I feel very strange.
- Yeah, I was for
about 24 hours.
- For the-- for the second
dose or the first dose?
- How are you, baby?
- You look so beautiful.
- I was-- but I was messed
up for the first.
I've only got one.
- Hey, baby.
- Oh.
- My econd week is in,
like, two weeks.
- You all look fabulous.
- I think we
could get started.
I mean, how long we
gonna wait for candiace?
- I know.
Anyone talked to candiace?
- I only have my mom for
a little bit with the baby.
So...
- Oh, okay, okay.
So, over the pandemic,
people started hitting us up,
saying, you know, y'all
should have a podcast.
- Right.
- And so, we got
a deal with iheart.
- Yes.
- And we're under
the black effect platform.
- Oh, yay.
- Oh, nice.
- Absolutely.
- Yeah, we launch in
a couple weeks.
- In a couple weeks, yeah.
- Okay.
- And it's called
"reasonably shady"
because robyn
is very reasonable,
and I'm very shady.
- Okay.
[laughing]
- ahh, I like that.
- So, together we are
"reasonably shady."
- so, we are
- congrats.
[applause]
- whoo-whoo-whoo.
- Um...
- So, we have recorded
three episodes together, so far.
It's a lot of, like, you know,
pop culture, current events.
- Yeah.
- Like, so, it's--
it's very just us.
- Like, well-rounded.
- Yeah.
- So, now, robyn and I are
obviously in business together.
We're friends.
We're now in
business together.
But you know what?
We haven't cussed
each other out yet.
- No.
- Or did you cuss me
the other day?
- Well, this almost
didn't happen.
- Yes, this is true.
- Oh.
- It was just a difference in
how we thought this should go.
- Yes.
- Oh, so--
- how did you want it go?
- What did you want?
- Okay, so, obviously, my house
is under construction,
so we decided to have it
out here, but I was like,
you know, some of
the ladies cannot come in
to use the bathroom.
- So, who was on the list
not to use the bathroom?
- That would be karen,
and that would be you.
♪♪
- coming up next...
- There was no management
of the music video.
I wanted to show up to something
that wasn't low budget,
is what I wanted.
- Oh, lord.
- Your mama is low budget.
Watch your mouth.
- Oh.
- Ooh.
♪♪
- I was like, you know, some
of the ladies cannot come in
to use the bathroom.
♪♪
- so, who was on the list
not to use the bathroom?
- Um, that would be karen,
and that would be you.
- Lord have mercy.
- I wasn't gonna come.
So, that's interesting.
- She wasn't.
- Oh, okay.
Glad you're here.
What's-- what's tea?
What's the issue?
- No issue but I--
you just said I wasn't gonna be
allowed to be in your bathroom.
- Well, the--
and the reason why,
is because you've talked
about my home.
So, that's why I wasn't
gonna allow you in.
- What'd I say
about your home?
I've never talked
about your home.
- You talked about--
yes, you have, wendy.
- When?
- When did--
- wendy--
- I know I did.
Okay, maybe-maybe I's me.
- When did I talk
about your home?
- Not, it-- definitely you,
but, you know, we've--
we've-we've hashed it--
we've hashed it out.
- Did wendy? Did wendy?
- Wendy didn't--
I've never talked
aout your home.
- I don't think--
- you talked about
the colors of my home.
- I didn't talk about
the color of your home.
- Okay, well, that's
what I remember you did.
- Well, you misheard
because I've never
talked about your home.
I talked about
the way you dress.
- Okay.
- Ooh.
[laughing]
- gizelle suffers from
pretty girl syndrome.
- Yes. Me?
- And because you're so pretty,
you don't have to try.
- Not dress.
You don't have to try.
[laughing]
- girl, you can pop a squat.
You're a farm girl.
You can pop a--
- ooh.
- Oh.
- So, you were on
the hater list and--
but--
- oh, hating on this?
♪♪
- robyn and I talked about it,
and we're good to go.
- So, why weren't
you gonna come?
- Because I thought that
the invite was shady,
and if it's one
of those things--
- it should be shady.
It's called--
it's a "reasonably shady"
podcast.
- Yeah.
How were we supposed to add
context to that, you know?
We don't know that.
- We went to a nude interlude.
We didn't know what
the (bleep) that was,
but we were there in nude.
- Yeah, and I'm here, right?
I'm ----ing here, right?
- Yes. Okay.
- Okay. All right.
Let's all be here then.
- Okay.
- Ooh, okay.
- Feels like you
took it personal.
- I didn't take it personal.
- Like, you thought she
was calling you a hater.
- I didn't think--
- but look, we're here, okay?
And we're in the shade.
- I thought it was real,
and I liked it.
- Perfect.
- So, are y'all
ready to play games?
- Can I refill?
Anyone need a refill?
- Yes.
- You know what, mia?
Can I grab you, real quick?
- Of course. Come on.
- I'll be right back,
five seconds.
I come bearing gifts.
- Thank you.
- Wendy, you're not drinking?
- Have a nice cocktail.
- I'm okay.
♪♪
- ooh, that was
interesting, huh?
I didn't expect wendy--
well, I mean--
- she's very standoffish now.
It's just weird.
- Listen.
- Yes, okay.
- I'm pulling you aside
because also when
I was at wendy's, girl,
they were talking to me about
what went down with dorothy.
- Mia went up to dorothy.
- Okay.
- And said, "well,
is chris getting paid?"
- you can be open
within this group.
You can ask us questions,
but not my mama.
- They're like,
"I would be offended
"if she questioned
my mother like that."
so, let's keep
moving, though.
- Let me guess.
Wendy said that?
I'm having a conversation
with miss dorothy.
No one was talking
to you, wendy.
- Oh.
[buzzing]
these gnats are--
is it gnat, or gnats,
or gnats?
What the hell is it?
- I'm trying to
forget about 'em.
I don't know.
- I don't know, but,
um, it's in my eyeball.
[laughing]
- would you
like a baguette?
- No, thank you.
- Okay.
- I can imagine.
- I'm good. Thank you, love.
No.
- Hostess askale.
- I'm good.
- We got gifts!
- What? Karen!
- Gizelle got
the special one
'cause she-she's injured.
- Thank you.
So, is this a new fragrance or--
- oh, this is beautiful.
Bohemian fire, baby.
- This-- this is bohome--
bohemian fire.
Thank you.
- Yes!
[laughing]
- so, it's the expansion
of the la dame brand,
and it's headed
to major retailers.
- Oh, that's fresh.
- Yes, yes.
- All right, everybody
grab their paddle,
and this is
yours to keep.
- Okay.
- This is cute.
This is some sorority sh--.
- Robyn and I are gonna
ask some questions,
and then you hold up whether
or not it's reasonable,
or it's shady, okay?
- Okay, I like this game.
- It's a "reasonably shady"
party, okay?
So, are some reasonable things
gonna happen? Sure.
Are some shady things
gonna happen? Absolutely.
So, this is the reason why
we're playing these games.
I mean, if we cannot
laugh at our drama,
then we are not friends.
All right,
so is it reasonable
or is it shady to
hold on to a grudge
after an apology
was already made?
And that's-- I'm
gonna look at karen.
- It's reasonable.
- It depends on
what was said.
♪♪
- it's reasonable for me to
hold on to grudges concerning
gizelle because once I get
past one grudge about gizelle,
she does something else.
- Ray wants to be with
erika liles for a night.
Ray wants to lick
her up and down.
- This is what
we're not gonna do.
- [indistinct].
- We're in the lobby.
It's the lobby, it's the lobby,
it's the lobby.
- It doesn't, karen.
No, it doesn't.
Everybody has been very
respectful of your parents!
We all know the ding dong
at her house is broken.
- Okay, that's reasonable.
- Reasonable?
- Okay, this was-- okay.
- That's reasonable.
- Oh, my god.
- That's all it was.
- We're gonna move
on to the next. All right.
- It was warranted.
- What is going on, lord?
[sighs]
- is it reasonable,
or is it shady to
talk about your friend
when they're not around?
- Oh, that's shady as hell.
- Shady as hell.
- That's not your friend.
- You do this, but--
- I think it's what
kind of talking about.
- Exactly.
- That's why I say reasonable.
- Oh, okay.
- But it's what kind
of talking about.
- So, they were all
talking about me.
- So, then it could
be reasonable then.
- It could be reasonable.
- Okay.
- Girl.
- That was very reasonae.
That was very reasonable.
Yes.
But the video in the parking
lot, you told candiace
that mia was
talking about her?
- Mia is over there
asking your mom
if chris is gettin' paid.
- Really, wendy?
Come on, now.
- Is she?
- Which was-- which was wack.
- No, that's not wack.
You-you should tell
your friend if someone
was talking about them.
- It was-- it was--
the wackness was--
- not during a production day.
- Thank you.
The time or-- time and place.
- Were you trying
to throw her off balance?
- If you're not happy
about what you said,
then you shouldn't have said.
So, your issue is not with me.
Your issue is not with me.
- No, it's not that I'm not
happy about what I said.
I said what I said, and I--
I don't feel about this.
- I did say to mia.
I said to mia. I did.
- Oh, sh--.
- She told me that
she told candiace.
- Where are we, god?
- Lord.
[all chattering]
- I am getting
lightheaded.
♪♪
I'm not sure it's the vaccine,
or this is reality.
Is this really happening?
- Shady.
[laughing]
- the whole house looks like it
come to life and eat you up.
[laughing]
I'm scared of it.
♪♪
- child,
oh, not outside.
This is not
an invitation.
♪♪
- you know what?
We all tattle.
We all say
what people say.
- That's what we're
gonna rest on,
is it was in the middle
of a video shoot.
That's what makes
it so egregious.
- What are-- what are
you talking about?
- Hi.
- Hello.
- Hi, hi, hi.
- Hi. Muah, muah.
- Muah, muah.
- So, this is a joke to
make you feel better.
- Oh, from your mommy?
- Yeah, it was from me,
but it's her thing.
- Okay, can we get
you a drink?
- Yes.
- Tell our bartender
what you would like.
- Hello.
Do you have, like,
a sparkling rose or
a champagne or--
- yes.
- Yes.
- So, candiace, just to
catch you up really quickly.
- What have I missed?
- Um...
- Well, we were
talking about you.
- Robyn and I
have a podcast.
We're with iheart.
We're with black effect.
- Wonderful.
- Um, it's called
"reasonably shady."
- that's cute.
- We were playing a little
game, and the questions
we were actually talking
about your music video.
- Oh, thank you.
Oh, were you?
- And wendy and whether or
not she was being shady,
or a tattletale,
or just wack telling you.
- She wasn't being wack.
She was being a friend.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
- She was.
- I think the point that--
that they're making, is
the time and place was wrong.
What if that news
upset candiace?
- We don't need to speak in
what if when we have facts.
- What if? It's not
the time to tell her
when she's in the middle of
remembering one-two steps.
- No, I'm not gonna--
I'm not-- and you know why?
Hold on.
- If she felt like it wasn't
an appropriate time,
then she wouldn't have told me.
- Robyn, if you're
speaking so reasonable--
reasonably, then let's--
- 'cause at that point,
you're making it about you.
- Please don't touch
my shoulder again.
If we're speaking
reasonable--
- well, you need to scoot over.
You need to scoot over then.
- My shoulder pads
are here for a reason.
Don't touch 'em.
- So, I don't have a problem
with when she said it.
The things that I heard
coming from the mouths
of the people to my left--
- mmm. Mmm.
- I needed to know.
And since we're on that already,
I-I was told by not just
my mom but wendy--
- uh-huh.
- That you within, like,
five seconds of
meeting mama dot--
- uh-huh.
- Were like, "who is
paying the bills?"
- yes.
- "and what do candiace's
"titties look like, and how
much money do they have?"
- wait, what?
- What?
- Who? What?
- I mean, you might have--
you were asking all
the questions.
- The only question I asked
was, who is the manager,
and is he getting paid?
- Okay, well,
let's stop there.
Why is it appropriate
to ask my mom
a question like that?
- Mm-hmm.
- At a day that's supposed
to be joyful and positive?
- Okay, so, your mom--
your-- okay, no one is
talking to you, wendy.
- 'cause she called me wack.
- You asked me to
volunteer my time.
- I invited you.
What happened was--
- when I showed up, there was
nobody there to greet me.
There was no management
of the music video,
and you weren't there.
- If you did not want to be
there, you-- you were not--
you're not being paid.
- Oh, lord.
- You were volunteering
your time,
but you were invited.
- I wanted to be there,
but I wanted to show up
to something that
wasn't low budget,
is what I wanted.
- Oh, lord!
- Your mama is low budget.
Watch your mouth.
- Oh!
- Ooh.
- Watch your mouth.
- Okay.
♪♪
- whoa, okay, candiace,
that's team too much,
and I'm not quite sure
if you know about
mia's mother
and her back story.
- I, um, was in
the foster care system.
- Oh.
- My mom and I have not
started having a good
relationship until
as of recently.
- Talk about mia's
feet and her hands
'cause they're very large,
not her mama.
That's below the belt.
- How dare you invite me to
come here with no management?
- I'm done, I'm done, I'm done.
I'm done listening.
- And not even have
the audacity to say thank you
for spending the time to
come and support me?
- Listen, listen,
I'm done.
Supporting me is not asking
my mama about my money.
- You talked about it to
the group, so I don't think
you should be that upset.
- Were you there, beloved?
Were you there?
- No, but like I said--
- end of story.
Good night.
- If I had wasted my time,
I would have been
a pissed sister.
Believe you me.
- Wasted your time?
Yeah, you are-- you're--
you're a pissy sister,
is what you are.
- No, honey, I'm very happy.
- She's not really pissy.
- No, honey,
I'm very happy.
I don't fake--
I don't fake it.
- Shut your wide face ass up.
- Oh, no, no!
- Robyn and
gizelle, take notes.
This is a shady moment.
- We're well aware.
- Yep, I had it right here.
- Next question, who
else had things to say?
- Karen was talking
to your mama.
- But-- but why are you
saying karen's name
before you say
your name?
- So, you were all asking if
my husband was on the payroll.
- No, not this chick--
not this chick.
- But we did say, well,
what was the answer?
Yes, we was being shady.
- When I came over to gizelle
and robyn, and they said,
"well, what's wrong
with that question?"
that was it.
- For me, I don't think
there's anything wrong with
that question because I have
been on juan's payroll.
If you pay chris a salary,
there's nothing
wrong with that.
- Yeah.
No, there isn't,
but I'm not. Yes.
- Okay, like,
and that's fine.
So, I think some people get
a little more finicky
when it comes to talking about
money and stuff like that.
- I-- I'm that person.
I don't like talking
about money at all.
- Right. So, maybe
you are. Okay.
- And I especially don't like
when people I don't really
know are asking people that
they don't really know about
money in my house, and I don't
appreciate you all being
shady talkin' to my mama.
- Iwasn't being shady.
I was asking.
- You're calling
my sh-- low budget.
- I have been a friend
to your ass, okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- When these ho's was
talkin' sh-- about you,
I was defending
your ass.
- These ho's?
I am certainly not a ho.
- So, how dare you
call my sh-- low?
You should not have come.
And for future reference,
just don't come.
That's the end of that.
- That's fine.
- We're gonna move on.
We have a couple more, um,
questions for the game.
So, candiace, I'm gonna read
something, and you hold up
whether or not it's reasonable
or whether or not it's shady.
M'kay, this is
a good one.
Is it reasonable, or is it
shady to call your friend when
you're drunk to tell them how
much you don't like them?
[laughing]
- I think
it's reasonable.
- I think that's
reasonable, too.
- I think it's reasonable.
- I think it's
very reasonable.
- Everybody point to karen.
- You have to let them know.
- I own it.
It's karen's juice.
- Just don't call.
- Reasonably shady.
- Robyn, on a serious note,
you have just as much fun.
Let me
tell you something.
I was throwing a par-tay
and gettin' down, and I was
like, "I'm gonna be
real wit' you, robyn.
I really don't like you,"
and I said--
- yeah, this-- this is
a true story, askale.
- I said, "I like juan
better than I like you."
I'm reasonable.
[laughing]
- I absolutely love
when karen drunk dials
in the middle of
the afternoon.
It is the best.
- For me, it's like
I can't hang up.
Her drunk calls are actually
the only time that
she's actually
being honest.
- I'm actually loving
vaccinated karen
'cause I'm thinking it's
like drunk karen 2.0.
This is
the girl we love.
Um, okay, this might
be our last one.
- Oh, yeah.
- Last question.
- 'cause my-- my foot is
startin' to-- to palpitate.
- Last question.
- I'm gonna let robyn
do the last one.
- Lord.
- Because, you know, this
is a group effort here.
[laughing]
- is it reasonable, or is it
shady to be concerned
about dramatic changes to
your friend's appearance
after cheating rumors about
their husband emerges?
♪♪
- okay, this
might be our last one.
- Is it reasonable, or is it
shady to be concerned
about dramatic changes to
your friend's appearance
after cheating rumors about
their husband emerges?
- I bow out.
We're doing this, again?
I'm so tired of talking about
eddie and wendy's breastacles.
Like, you have
your own set of titties.
Leave wendy alone.
- I think that's reasonable.
- Um, I mean, it would only be
reasonable if the same blog
that reported that didn't
report that you had a std.
- Ahh!
- And-- and I don't.
- I got a headache.
- I mean, perfect.
- It's-- it's in between.
Is it in between?
- It wasn't done this way.
It was done this way.
- I don't think so because then
she continues to talk about me,
and you guys talk about me
at robyn's dinner,
as I was told, and so
it's not reasonable.
- Get over yourself.
- At robyn's dinner?
- It was definitely shady.
- Nobody talked about
you at robyn's dinner.
- Yes, you did.
- It wasn't about you.
- It wasn't-- it wasn't--
it was--
- I'm talking to gizelle.
- It was-- it was about
the interactions
that had happened.
- But I thought you were
good with wendy.
I thought y'all made up.
- No, I mean, I feel like
we talked through everything,
but, in my opinion,
it was still kind of--
- unresolved.
- Yeah.
- It was not malicious
toward you, wendy.
- But it wasn't malicious.
It was about--
- excuse me. Excuse me.
- It was about
what transpired.
- Wendy, chill.
- Stop telling me to chill,
and you're the one that's
hyped. My voice is low.
Why do you keep on
telling me to chill?
- Wendy, like, reallyyou're--
you're doing too much.
- Like, stop.
I-- I'm doing too much,
but I'm
talking like this?
- You're really doing too--
you are doing way too much.
- Everybody.
♪ sha-- shady ♪
- ooh, what the hell?
♪ shady ♪
- you're being
an asshole, wendy.
- You see?
So, here goes the name--
- you're being an asshole.
- I'm being an asshole
for asking a question?
- You are being an asshole.
No, you're being an asshole
because you were
talking over people.
- For what?
I'm talkig over people.
What?
- You are turning into--
into stuff that they're not.
- When did I talk--
- what I'm trying to say is,
we were not talking
about you at my birthday.
- Karma.
- Well--
- it was about-- it was--
it was about--
- there were about
45 minutes.
It was, like, 40 minutes.
- It was not 45 minutes.
- It was a long time
we were talking about her.
It was.
- No, no, no.
Whoever--
whoever relayed
that message to her,
made it seem like
we were talking against her
or about you.
- I don't tattle.
- We were just talking about
the dynamic of her in the group.
- Don't recl.
- Right.
Ding, ding, ding.
- It was a discussion.
It was a legitimate
discussion.
- I'm not your child.
Don't yell at me.
- (bleep) it, wendy.
- Oh, my god.
Oh, my god.
- I'm done.
I'm so done.
- Don't yell at me.
- Im so done.
- I-I agree with that.
- You are impossible
to get through to.
- Don't yell at me.
- Yeah, just take it all.
- Impossible.
- You're not
getting through to me
if you're yelling at me.
- I'm not yelling
at you, wendy.
- Nobody is yelling.
- All I'm trying to say is,
to the original question--
- what is te question?
- All of y'all have
my phone number.
If anyone was truly concerned,
you can call me,
and no one has.
So, when you sit here
on your soapbox and try to say,
"I'm not
gettin' through to you,"
no, you're not gonna
get through to me.
- Mm-hmm.
- Because if you really
wanted to,
you could have a one-on-one
and call me.
So, let's not play
the theatrics
'cause I'm not here
for that sh-- today.
Thank you.
- I don't-- I don't--
but what is--
I'm confused.
- I didn't say
sh-- to your ass.
It wasn't for your ass
to receive.
I done said what I said
to your ass in williamsburg.
I'm not addressing you
no more.
- Okay, okay, wendy,
why don't you go?
- That's super rude.
- We can back
all these cars out,
and you can go, wendy.
- That's so rude.
- Ooh.
- I'm not gonna be
disrespected in my house.
- Girl, this really paints
a picture of how... You are.
We are in the middle
of your driveway.
We ain't in your house.
This is public property.
- No, she's not.
- Disrespecting your house
but you yell in my house
and disrespect me?
- You can go. You can go.
- No, no, no.
- But I never yelled at you.
- The question you guys asked
was very offensive.
- She's not.
- And then when she
comes back with, you know,
what she's coming back
with something,
you can't be mad at her.
- What is she,
like, the mediator?
- I'm gonna say
what I want to say, mia.
Keep it cute over there, okay?
Don't say stuff
under your breath.
- No, I mean,
you always come in.
- 'cause I'm gonna say
what I have to say.
If you wanna call it--
- I mean, you always come in.
No, I wasn't saying
under my breath.
I said it out lou.
- Well, then be quiet
'cause I'm not talking to you
right now.
I'm talking to gizelle.
- No.
- Can we take turns?
- You can say, "yes,"
'cause that's what
you're trying to do.
-I suggest you sit down andbe qu
- insecure bitches
call other bitches hos,
if you ask me.
- So, now I'm insecure.
So, I'm low budget,
and I'm insecure.
- Okay, gizelle, where--
where you goin' with this party?
I have not sit up here
and got myself "vassinated,"
so I can be around you heifers!
- Is it-is it vaccinated?
- I don't know.
I don't know
what the (bleep) it is,
right now,
but my arm is hurting.
- What word is?
- It's called projection.
- I uplift women.
That's what secure women do.
- It's projection.
I'm the projector.
I'm projecting onto you
what you're projecting onto me.
- Secure women
empower women, okay?
- You are the insecure one.
- I'm fading quickly.
Everything is slow motion,
right now.
- Projection.
[distorted speech]
- hold on.
I got my second shot today,
and all I wanna know, wendy, is,
are you gonna invite everybody
to the-the girls' trip
'cause I think we need it?
- Who is going
on a girls trip?
- Wendy.
- I'm sorry, wendy.
I didn't mean to
out you like that.
My bad.
- I blame this outburst
on the side effects
of the vaccine
because this is not the time
to talk about a couples trip,
especially since some of us
in the group
can't even be part of
a couples trip.
- My bad. My bad. My bad.
- No, it's perfect.
I think that we should do
a quick jaunt.
- Yes, a jaunt.
- And, also,
to bring our husbands.
- Yes!
- Especially since
so many people wanna
keep our husbands names'
in their mouths.
- In their mouth.
- Did she say keep
our husbands in their mouths?
- Name-- name-- their name.
- Their name.
- Oh. Ooh, zip my lips.
- Their names.
[laughing]
you always wanna
talk about somebody,
but you ain't got nobody
but okay,
and it would just be
for a weekend.
- Where we going?
Where we going?
- I'm thinking maybe we can
all go to the chesapeake bay.
- Virginia beach.
Virginia beach.
- Chesapeake is
not virginia beach.
- Chesapeake.
- Oh.
- We're gonna have fun.
Chris is gonna be there.
Dre is gonna be there.
- Yay!
- I don't know if
michael will be there.
I would love for him
to be there, if he could.
And ray is gonna be there.
- To not invite me,
not mention juan,
to throw another dig
at my relationship,
she's just showing more of
how she really feels about me.
- You don't even have
a relationship
to even care about.
- I don't? Okay.
- Yes, she does.
- Which, hey,
if she hates me, that's fine.
Just thank you
for letting me know.
- Ray is gonna be there,
hopefully.
Eddie is gonna be there,
and your--
your luggage
is gonna be there.
♪♪
so, with the couples trip,
ray is gonna be there,
hopefully.
Eddie is gonna be there,
and your--
your luggage
is gonna be there.
- Ahh!
- So, thank you
for the invite.
Feel free.
First of all, wendy,
I invited you to my house,
and you came here stank.
Now, you're inviting me
out of town with you,
and you're being stank.
Yeah, no thank you.
- My vaccine kicked in.
I-I'm gonna go ahead and go.
- Same here.
- Bye, everybody.
Whoo.
- Thanks for coming.
- I will.
- Okay. All right.
- You okay, wendy?
- Yeah, I'm good.
- Okay.
- Wait.
The haters didn't even
ask to use the bathroom.
- They didn't.
[laughing]
- I have a question.
This was not an invite
to your house.
I feel disrespected.
[laughing]
- you're gonna go?
- Yes, I am.
- Aww.
We didn't really get to spend
a lotta-- a whole lotta
quality time together.
- I know. It's okay.
I'll come back.
- But I appreciate you.
- See you guys soon, okay?
- Bye.
See you.
- All right.
- I'm gonna take them up
to see my closet.
- Okay.
- Okay, and then
I'll be back out.
Do you need help?
- Hold on.
- Are you sure?
- Just come.
- Honey, I may need help, too.
- How can we get in back here?
- There's a-- there's--
there's a door.
- Okay, this is too-- uh-uh.
I'm gonna come back.
I'll see y'all later.
- You're not supposed
to be doing this.
- Where are you--
where you going?
- Um, send me, um, video.
- Okay.
- This tour wasn't
gonna work out.
When there is, like, actual,
like, stable steps,
when there's a door,
I'll come back.
- How do we get out?
Can we have candiace
come move her vehicle?
- So, this is what I added.
- Oh, yes.
Oh, you-- oh!
- I added this to the house.
- Okay.
Oh, this is nice.
- Okay, so, this is
a little powder room.
- The texture.
[laughing]
ooh, I--
no, because-- oh, yes.
- I'm gonna go ask
candiace to move.
I'm not feeling well.
- I love this floor.
I love the view.
- Mm-hmm.
- But can you be naked?
- Yes.
- No one is here.
- They can't see me.
- They can see you.
- They cannot see me.
- Yes, they can.
- I'll be all the way naked
over here, okay?
- That window,
they're looking at your titties.
- Okay, no, candiace.
[laughing]
- we can't get out.
Candiace blocked us in.
- Just go right through
those doors.
They're in there.
- You go right
through those doors.
How you gonna go through them?
- Right there.
- Those aren't even doors yet.
- I'll call her.
- Okay.
- All right, chaperones.
Watch her foot.
[phone ringing]
oh, it's robyn.
Hello.
- Candiace, you're blocking
everyone in.
- Oh, god.
- Angel can go.
Angel can.
- I can't drive.
- I can drive.
- No, they can--
no, you-- okay, no.
- Grace is ready to drive.
- That's a no,
but you can give it
to somebody out there who can.
- Grace, can you take the--
- yeah.
- Grace.
- Yes.
- I trust you.
Can you just move my car?
- Yes.
- Okay.
All right.
- Don't crash my car, grace.
- Wait.
Which one is yours?
[laughing]
- it's the-it's the one
blocking everybody in.
It's the--
the champagne lexus.
- Okay.
- Grace, don't crash my car!
- No, no, no. I won't.
I swear.
- Okay.
She ain't gonna
crash my car, is she?
- No.
- Ahh!
- Don't hit
the cameraman, okay.
Brake, brake, brake!
- Brake! Ahh!
- Brake! Brake!
- I believe in you, grace.
[laughing]
- which-which one
is candiace's car?
- Uh, you're moving it?
- She told me to move it.
I'm good.
- Are you confident
in doing that?
- I'm confident.
- Holy sh--. She--
- robyn, like, can you
just be in the car with me?
- Oh, my god.
- Just for support.
- Okay.
- Aww, go ahead.
- I'll be back.
- Go ahead.
- I have faith in you, grace.
- Are you--
- yes, grace is.
- Oh.
- She is a young driver.
- Candiace told me to move it.
I'm scared.
- Okay, okay.
That's progress.
- Nobody wants to be here
no more.
If I stay here too long,
I'm gonna end up miserable
like gizelle.
- Okay, ooh, okay.
- Okay, bye, gizelle.
Bye, new house.
Bye, west wing.
- Wait... So, I don't
have to put the key in?
- Oh, it's starting.
Okay.
- Yeah.
Straighten up.
Straighten the wheel.
- It is straight.
What do you mean?
- No, like, cut your-- okay.
Yeah.
- What do you mean?
I'm going--
- you're not.
There you go.
- Oh, what was that?
- Nothing.
♪♪
- why does this car
go so fast?
Like, it's too much.
[laughing]
- the gas is light.
- Bye, darling.
- See ya.
- Great job driving.
- This is an adventure.
- How we get out?
- Whew.
Okay, we go down and around.
- Okay, where are
the chaperones?
Okay.
- Mom.
- Okay, there she is.
- I did it.
- Very good. You did?
- Okay, okay.
- Yes.
- You didn't crash?
- Robyn helped.
- Oh, she did?
- I'm real happy
this party is over
because it is worse than
a sh-- show.
Good news, though--
grace did not
ruin candiace's car.
I don't have to
buy her a new one.
Whew, 'cause
grace can't drive.
[laughing]
- I'll put mia's by her car.
- See you all on the trip!
Goodbye!
- We're not going on the trip.
- An utter mess!
- All right, grace.
[snaps]
you did good.
Oh, what's--
what did she scrape?
Gizelle!
- Next time, on "the real
housewives of potomac"...
♪♪
- welcome to
the eastern shore, honey.
Ooh, girl, my--
[laughing]
the goal of this weekend is gvo,
good vibes only.
- Good vibes only--
I got that.
- I'm actually, at this point,
like, really confused
about wendy.
I don't know where
to go with her.
- If they don't want to come,
that's on them.
- Maybe with the husbands
being there,
they can be a shift
in the energy.
I like mia's husband.
I think he wasn't,
like, too much.
- He's chill.
- Eddie-- eddie.
♪♪
excuse me.
I'm a ----in' strip club
connoisseur.
- That's where he found me.
- Yes, we know.
- What I-- what I--
- my beautiful, smart,
rich friends
can understand me.
- Oh, yes.
Yes, your mother
is a broke bitch.
Where is your pimp?
She's hungry.
Do you need, uh,
do you need some lettuce?
Watch your mouth.
- It was low budget.
- Watch your mother's
low budget.
- Ahh! Oh!
- Watch-- watch yourself!
♪♪